add instructions for java.allow_adding_patches_via_api config (#451)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/clients-centos.adoc

----
ln -s /usr/local/bin/cent-errata.sh /etc/cron.daily
----

> .Add the following line to you rhn.conf:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Open the ``rhn.conf`` configuration file, and add or edit this line:
```

+
----

> java.allow_adding_patches_via_api = centos7-x86_64-updates,centos7-x86_64,centos7-x86_64-extras

Reviewer: Can this be genericised for the CentOS version?

Author: i think for 6 and 7 but 8 might be a bit different. In any case these labels need to match the ones from --include-channels in the script from the previous script.

Reviewer: Right. Let's leave it as-is for now. We'll need to update it to 8 at some point, though.
